---
title: "Training Goals"
layout: post
categories: goals
---

# Setting Up for Success


In this post, we'll be discussing the various training goals that we have set for ourselves, and how the Adobe suite can help us to achieve them. Along the way, we may add onto or change our goals, and this post will serve as a reference for our growth in the training process.

## Don't Be Intimidated!
---

Starting a new design program can be daunting, especially one as comprehensive as the Adobe suite. But with time and practice, you'll be designing everything under the sun and more. Don't get discouraged by the complexity, and keep pushing through, even when things seem tough. Remember, everyone has to start somewhere, and you'll only get better with each project. Just take it one step at a time, keep practicing, keep learning, and most importantly, have fun with it!

## Our Training Goals
---

### A Resume Booster

Having knowledge and experience with the Adobe suite is a great addition to any resume. It shows that you have a well-rounded skill set, and are capable of using a variety of design tools. This can be especially beneficial in the graphic design or marketing industries, as the Adobe suite is a staple in these fields.

### Canva is Great, But...

While Canva is a fantastic tool for those who are just starting out in the design world, or for those who need to create simple designs for marketing purposes, it's important to have a deeper understanding of graphic design concepts. By learning the Adobe suite, you'll be able to take your designs to the next level and create more complex and professional pieces.

### Personal and Professional Development

Learning the Adobe suite can help you to grow both personally and professionally. Not only can it open up new opportunities for you, but having knowledge of the Adobe suite can greatly simplify your design process.

### The Well-Rounded Designer

The Adobe suite has an entire compendium of design software. Photoshop, Illustrator, and InDesign are the three that we'll focus on, but if you ever want to learn something else, feel free to say so! Adobe also offers creative solutions for motion graphics, videography, augmented reality, 3D modeling, and much, much more.

InDesign, Photoshop and Illustrator will give you a solid foundation that will let you tackle a wide variety of design projects in layout design, illustration, and photo manipulation.

### Starting with Solutions

We're starting with layout design, using a template that's already being used in a production setting. Layout design is mainly focused on creating designs for brochures, flyers, magazines, and even digital content. By starting with our layout template, you'll be able to familiarize yourself with the basics of the Adobe suite, and then move on to more complex projects as your skills progress.